Don't say it, the dean is right
Since we have no money
Then leave the hospital
OK, then let's go out and I'll eat with you
Don't ask you quacks
Who uses medicine?
Okay, what's the matter with him?
Yao Ming, I'm not unreasonable either.
I'll give you a week.
If you can't afford 2 million in a week
Just wait for the court summons
Our family never owes anyone money
Don't worry, we won't cherish it without you urging us.
Ah, that's right, Miss Hou
Quack doctors here are so laborious
I'm afraid it will delay Mr. Hou's illness
I will be ashamed at that time
What do you mean by the surname Yang?
Mr. Hou has a major cardiovascular problem
It's only been three days, I advise you
I advise you.
Get Hou Lao a better hospital
Later, maybe I'll have to prepare a coffin
My dad's birthday is in two days
You said he only had three days left
You're cursing my dad
Yao Ming
I'll give you some color, you really look at people's houses, right?
You, a migrant worker, don't know shit
How dare you speak out here
Mr. Hou is here for a routine check-up
In addition to some age-related diseases
Nothing else.
Hmm, do you think
Just you poor people.
Do you have to die to remember the hospital?